Looks like Alibaba does not sleep as
they're already back with the launch of
a new flagship model, the Quen 3.7 Max,
which is built for the agent era. The
Quinn 3.7 Max is designed as a versatile
Asian foundation model that is capable
of advanced coding plus debugging, quite
good at front-end prototyping, complex
multifall refactors, office workflow
automation, multi- aent orchestration,
and long horizon autonomous execution.
Now, performance-wise, the Coin 3.7 Max
is performing strongly across multiple
benchmarks like Terminal Bench 2.0,
Swaybench where it scores 60.6 as well
as many other Asia and coding
benchmarks. You can see that there's
massive gains and it is basically on par
with models like Opus 4.6 Max, Kimik K
2.6 in certain cases even surpassing it.
And I personally believe that this is
the best Chinese model that is out there
right now. It also demonstrates
exceptional strength on difficult
reasoning evaluations alongside strong
multilingual capabilities. But what's
wild is that Alibaba is now genuinely
entering conversations alongside
proprietary giants like Enthropic,
Google, and Open AI because this is the
closest Quen has been in the frontier
race. Cuz the Quinn 3.7 Max now scores a
56.6 on the artificial analysis
intelligence index. That is a 4.8 point
boost in terms of overlapping the Quen
3.6 Max preview. This is with major
gains in scientific reasoning, coding,
and agentic capabilities. If you want
the best AI tools, workflows, and drops
before everyone else, join my free
newsletter with the link in the
description below, which is completely
free. Pun 3.7 Max just outperformed the
clawed opus 4.7 as well as GBT 5.5 on a
real long horizon agentic coding task
where models had to iteratively improve
a self-training Tetris spot across 10
autonomous loops where Quen actually
achieved the biggest improvement with a
56% gain at the lowest cost which was
$1.30.
Now, this is massively outperforming
Opus 4.7, which had gotten a 28% gain,
but it costed about $12.15,
and GPC 5.5 had incurred a 7% gain, but
was a lot cheaper at around $2.85.
But you can see that Alibaba is moving
fast and it is efficient while getting
the task done. Now, in my own personal
benchmark, the world of AI benchmark
suite, you can see that in our
leaderboard, the Coin 3.7 Max is high up
there, ranked number eight right now
overall across a lot of the different
domains like front end, gaming, 3D
graphics, SVG, all of the different
domains that you see over listed over
here. And you can clearly see that this
model does exceptional in almost every
front while being comparable to the
Frontier models. Now, one of the most
differentiating factors of why this
model is good is because of how
perfected it is at long horizon planning
and execution. This is a model that is
able to execute quite well autonomously
in these long horizon tasks cuz it is
something that is able to sustain
coherent reasoning across something like
a 35hour autonomous executions workflow.
This involves using multiple tool calls.
In this case, it used 1,200 tool calls
continuously where it is able to debug,
profile, rewrite, and even improve code
without losing context or drifting off.
Now, interestingly, this model is
actually not multimodal, meaning it is
not able to process any of the other
modalities like audio, image, and video.
It is currently priced at $2.50 per 1
million input tokens and $7.50 per 1
million output tokens. start using this
model, you can easily do so through
their chat, which is something that you
can access completely for free and
create an account to use the coin 3.7
Max. You can change it between the
thinking and fast mode. You can also
access it via their API. To start things
off, let's take a look at the Mac OS
clone that the model did an exceptional
job at generating. This is where it had
done quite well in generating all the
applications. And right away within the
bottom toolbar, you will notice that all
of the different applications have an
SVG icon represented for each of the
app, which is incredible. But the fact
that it was able to use the full context
to actually generate multiple apps, it
is the most remarkable thing. Now, what
I really like is that on the top bar,
you have all the functional components
that you would expect of a Mac OS. So,
everything on the top toolbar actually
works. You have the ability to change
the brightness, which is actually kind
of cool. You can also use Spotlight and
you can even use the Launchpad as well
to open up almost anything. Now, this is
where you have the Finder app.
Everything has been coded out, which is
nice. You have Safari, which doesn't
look like it coded out properly, but
still, regardless, you have all of these
different applications that were
generated, and that is just incredible
because that's what you're looking for.
And the fact that it's able to actually
generate almost all of these things
precisely to what a Mac OS looks like is
the best thing ever. Now, photos doesn't
look like there's much to it. As well as
the maps, but everything else looks like
has been generated precisely. The app
store, you have the system preference,
the terminal, the calculator, you also
have a text editor, a paint app which
actually works. So, that is nice. And
then you also have a snake game that was
added. So, that's actually pretty cool.
Now there is also weather app clock as
well as a preview. So overall it did a
great job in generating almost all of
the components of a Mac OS. So that is
definitely nice to see. Now frontend
wise I do believe that the model does a
pretty decent job but not the best. It
is decent at most of the prompts. You
can see most generations with all the
different front-end prompts I had sent
in are decent, not the best. It is kind
of tacky, but overall does get the job
done. I will give you one thing though.
When it comes to creativity, it does a
pretty decent job. But still,
regardless, you do notice that there are
certain components that aren't well
generated with instructions that are
given. But when you are to properly
detail what you expect and what to
actually use for the generations, it
does do a decent job like the scroll
triggers or like using different
typographies. When it comes to following
instructions, I believe the model does a
pretty good job at that. Really liking
the scroll triggers in most of these
generations. It does actually the best
out of any of the Chinese models that
I've tested. So, that is actually a good
thing. When you are to actually provide
it a screenshot as a reference, it does
a decent job. And this is where it's
able to clone you quite well. And this
is where I'd requested it to clone an
Airbnb image which I had provided. And
you can see that it did a decent job in
cloning almost all of the components
thoroughly. Also, this is kind of
interesting. This is where the Quen 3.7
Max had basically generated this
editorial SAS based off the input that I
gave it. And this looks much like any of
the outputs that Claude is actually
generating. And you can see that with
the typography as well as the color
styling which looks really really
similar to what baud actually outputs
which leads you to think is quen
actually training off of bod outputs
here. I'd requested the model to
actually generate a voxil pelican on a
bicycle and this is a pretty good
generation right here. You can see that
it creatively actually generated in
voxil art and you can see that this is a
realworld front-end task with 3D
engineering. And you can see that the
model did a pretty decent job in
creating the functional 3S gene the 3JS
screen 3JS scene with strong spatial
reasoning. You have rendering ambience
as well and overall with its creativity
and visual quality from a single prompt.
It did a great job with this output.
Another 3D scene atmosphere prompt was
to actually generate a Zelda low poly
landscape. And this is where it did a
really good job and the ambience as well
as creating the environment. Now, not
everything is perfect, but the fact that
we got a lot of the components nailed
down is great. And you can see that with
its creativity, it's able to actually
create this 3D poly environment. This is
a benchmark that I had requested the
model to create a realistic aquarium.
And this is something that tests how
well the model is obviously in 3GS, but
how it's able to simulate an aquarium
where it is able to manage the physics
of all of the individual fishes. And you
can see this is one of the better
generations I have seen. The fins
properly move for each of the different
fishes. You can see the UI control with
the panel. You have the rendering system
and real time optimization. What's
really cool is if I am to enable the
feeding mode, I can actually click on
the different or the top of the water
and you can see that there is food
actually being dropped into the aquarium
and this is where the fishes all rise up
to eat up the food. That's a small
little feature, but the fact that is
able to actually code that out and
specifically able to evaluate how well
this long perform engineering task is
able to incorporate things like spatial
reasoning. You have different visual
elements and the quality is definitely
nice to see. And the fact that it's able
to thoroughly generate all this in a
single prompt is nice to see. When it
comes to animation logic, rendering
quality as well as styling accuracy.
This is where the model actually does a
really good job and it's able to excel
in this case where it is able to output
the front-end code that is thoroughly
generating all of the components
accurately based off the prompt that you
provided.
In SVG, the model does exceptionally
well. And this is something that I've
really noticed with a couple of these
different prompts, which you'll see.
This is the SVG world map. This is where
almost every model fails at. And you can
see that the model does quite bad. I
don't know why my benchmark is sync
good. I should tweak that. But you can
see in these other prompts like the SVG
Pelican illustration, you can see that
it does decent job with the generation.
It tried to add animation. It is doing
quite well with the animated NYC SVG.
Was able to properly and thoroughly
depict what the SVG of New York City
would look like. You can also see that
with the animated infographics, the SVG
painting prompt as well as the butterfly
which you see over here. So almost all
of these prompts are generated quite
well and exceptionally well with SVG
code based off the prompt that was
given. Next is where the model was
requested to create a 3D solar system.
And you can see that it did a decent
job. All the different planets have
their own attributes. Saturn has its
ring. You can see that Jupiter has its
eye. And what you'll notice is the
lighting and architecture to actually
generate this scene is thoroughly
accurate cuz you can see that there's
the dark side of all the different
planets that are facing away from the
sun, which is definitely nice. and the
fact that it even generated the asteroid
belt and overall it did do a decent job.
Now, one thing I'm not too sure, maybe
someone can let me know in the comments.
The Saturn actually moved like that.
Next is where I'd requested it to create
a Minecraft clone. Now, we can actually
take a look at this by downloading it.
And this is the Minecraft clone that it
had generated. Now, right away, what I
like is that there is actually water,
but the water physics is definitely not
generated properly because you can
actually walk through it and you can't
really see everything thoroughly like
what you would in the actual sandbox
game. But the fact that you're able to
break blocks, you have different time
environments, you also have the ability
to place blocks, you can break it, and
one thing I've also noticed is that it
even generated actual cave systems. So,
if we are to actually deep dig deep into
the terrain, you might actually run
through a cave system. And you can see
that there's different blocks that have
been added inside this cave system. If
you like this video and would love to
support the channel, you can consider
donating to my channel through the super
thanks option below. Or you can consider
joining our private Discord where you
can access multiple subscriptions to
different AI tools for free on a monthly
basis. plus daily AI news and exclusive
content, plus a lot more. I got to say,
the Quinn 3.7 Max is surprisingly solid
at architectural reasoning as well as
working through different web
development tasks. As you saw through my
benchmark, as well as the other
different benchmarks I showcased at the
start of the video, you can see that the
model does quite a well job at
sustaining coherent autonomous workflows
and it's able to get the task done based
off the detailed prompt that you give
it. And this is something that could be
a handy tool to use in many different
workflows due to it following different
instructions thoroughly based off the
prompt that you give it. I'll leave all
the links that I use in today's video in
the description below. But with that
thought, guys, thank you guys so much
for watching. Hope you enjoyed today's
video. Make sure you go ahead and
subscribe to the second channel. Make
sure you join the newsletter, join the
Discord, follow me on Twitter, and
lastly, make sure you guys subscribe,
turn on notification bell, like this
video, and please take a look at our
previous videos so that you can stay up
to date with the latest AI news. But
with that thought, guys, have an amazing
day, spread positivity, and I'll see you
guys fairly shortly. Peace out, fellas.